um hello good morning everyone or good
evening depending on your geographic
location on this planet how everyone is
doing oh good cool good cool
so do we have a note-taker birthday
Jacob Jacob I'm going to create like a
custom award just for you that's the
best one ticket in the world cool okay
so welcome to the Jess Cordell team
weekly recap of September 17 2018 today
we as usual will do the run of updates
before getting started I just want to
raise attention to something that was
discussed on SRL which is okay are
plenty please do read through that issue
this is not new to this team like we
have done this in the past
it's actually this two-step
retrospective first and okay our next
there the goal is to have it done by the
end of this month so like okay as frozen
so the sooner we start like discussing
and massaging the key results and also
that we have the retrospectives out the
the better because the the rest of the
team would also like to know what are
the plans for this team before they're
like so on the 24th and so it's actually
if we get our ideas out there sooner
it also helps all the other working
groups rely on jet
now my my boss is a gun again okay sorry
I need to check what happened to my
headphones cool okay so that was my
quick announcement if you have questions
that's only reached out if you have any
like really important question that you
want to ask or now just raise your hand
alright let's go to the realm of updates
I can start first my dad is very simple
came back from time off already tried to
like go up in a bunch of issues and get
feedbacks to the latest wiki's and ask
lots of questions
I also kicked off the LKR planning for
next one that's pretty much what I've
done last Friday
any questions for me
all right no questions let's go to the
next one in brain also no no Alex isn't
here he shared a bed with us okay so
next one is Jacob
yes so the last week fixed an issue with
multi-format that was prohibiting tcp
over DNS also released support the
release of the TCP library so we can now
dial over DNS so yay we also did a
release or not a release there's a bunch
of PRS open some of the datastore stores
it's blocked by the interface datastore
PR on getting merged and released on DVD
and Friedel are the only one who have
access to publish that right now but
that fixes an issue where we're not
using consistent error codes and so a
bunch of different places in the in JSI
PFS we're checking to see if the repos
not created yet then create it so from
not getting the key initially do that
but the problem is we're getting several
the libraries are returning different
types of error codes
so those PRS all unify that also been
working on the connection state machine
for Lippe to be switch that's going well
I'm working on the listener side of that
so that that all kind of gets more sane
and that should help fix issues where we
have it right now we're a dialer can
actually request an unencrypted
connection from a listener so that
should fix all of that PR - I just
released an update for WebRTC started a
to fix an issue with the chrome leaking
RTC peer connections so that error won't
get thrown anymore
it obviously doesn't fix the core issue
but we shouldn't see that in the console
logs anymore and then this week I'm
gonna do an update Lars and I agreed on
some time out stuff for the delegate
routing so we don't hold connections
open to the gateway so I'm working on
getting those in work on the finishing
of the connection FSM and then I'll be
working on q3 retrospective and q4 ok
are planning for Libby tp-link questions
so in a lot of updates what was the
motivation to then find a bug on DNS
support we would multi other support for
every tcp over dns are we now go into
the gateways using dns yeah so there are
people dialing to gateways over DNS also
people who are dialing to their own
nodes so like for example Mike was going
and setting up his own ipfs node and
then die link to that but he couldn't
dial over to it on so there was several
requests for that so it was a pretty
quick fix which went ahead and did it we
I'm also curious about the WebRTC fix is
that related with the fact that when we
add multiple web RTC connections like
the browsers would keep a bunch of RPC
connections around and therefore exhaust
a lot of resources does that mean that
now we are in way better shape better
condition no it doesn't mean we're in a
better condition so it's basically
caching right now what happens is any
time that error is getting thrown it's
getting thrown all the way at the stack
because we're not catching it so all
we're doing now is just catching that so
it doesn't solve the problem that should
get better hopefully we should be able
to improve that when we work on the
switch FSM stuff cuz I'm trying to do
some that are reasonability there but
yeah it's not fixed it's just preventing
that from getting from understood thank
you awesome
any other questions for Jacob
all right thank you so much for the
update
I'll keep me out the time I'll check the
interface status or pull requests and if
other people have the time to review
those requests that'll be great because
then I can just go there and like more
easily go through the margin release
dance I think Alan and Bosco have
already looked at it and approved it
it's just waiting for somebody to
merchant release sweet okay I'll tell
you to eat like that perfect thank you
okay next step in the line that is also
present is wesco let's go go for it
hello so first regarding that Eclipse
PRS I reviewed the first one but I will
review the other ones once the first
gets much so last week I worked mostly
on IP enhance over web search and a
little bit about the PhD in tariff I
released a new version of that historic
except for being used for administer I
created the PR for GSM FS with the full
implementation of agonize over pursuit
and some tears
lighter like CTO PR for the agonist
tests and then I found a problem with
interrupt for enhance integrated also
appear for Jessica fest and interrupt s
mostly for Aquinas intercepts so I'm
blocked in a lot of be ours right now
all of them need to review and release
some of them regarding against Europe
and others I've been a super pup so I
detailed to what each one needs to be
done and for the next week all I want to
fix all the feedback available for the
Block peers and I will continue working
on the edged interrupt and they're
interrupted for IP network except for
the DHD interrupt
I have a call with call to discuss some
things about the HT and I already found
the work and I have a work in progress
we are with some tests and the that's it
for me
awesome thank you so there's a lot of
things here especially all of the
interrupts there's like that massive PR
on Jessup if s getting that very based
will enable you to run the internal
tests on IP passenger up for the HT
which then I could help you debug a lot
of things there
John had some pretty good results when
he tested it himself so we need to just
basically spend a couple of hours
realizing that PR and and retesting
we've at IP fest level they drop at
least he's looking whether or not that
might help your work as well Abbas cool
the other thing is really like this
happiness over perhaps up it's a super
exciting I saw these pull requests and I
I need to understand better like what
was the decision to like push down the
broadcast all that DNS records by
creating a data store over pub/sub
because what this means like anything
that you sort to the data store you are
now broadcasting over pub/sub which is
not necessarily the behavior that we
want we want just like to broadcast a
DNS record specifically and so I think
like it would be good for the two of us
- just like Spain like 15-20 minutes
just going through this I know that
because like the code is probably going
to be the same like the logic is just
like it should be the IP NS subsystem
that understand that like in order to
publish it should be publishing through
pub/sub and when it receives a record
and then it should store on a data store
and use the data store as a canonical
repository but not the rest or control
what gets supposed to network or not so
it should be just a simple change I just
want to check in with you just one
finger the data store pub/sub thing it's
not a data store and it receives the
local repo data store where it does is
to have the same interface like the
Putin gets functions in order to allow
from the outside to use the data store
which will allow us to use the DHT in
the pub so at the same time we don't
need a single Putin yet so either my
connection cut or you're out you cut a
little bit so I just like heard off of
that if you have those nodes maybe you
can extend me
the link or the diagram because then I
can I just like page in way faster and
we don't have to steal everyone's still
here okay I will contact you think thank
you any other question for bicycle
all right let's go next oh and Shah
hello it's me
cool so what did they do last week last
week at the beginning of the week I
released CSI PFS 0.32 finally it took a
while but it it finally went out the
door including blog posts and everything
so that's good then so I basically spent
a lot the rest of the week kind of
looking looking at issues merging some
things that I was then able to but I was
also trying to work on the CID base
stuff which I've got a lot a lot further
with about I guess halfway through the
week I I saw that there was a so Kyle
had requested like a tool for like just
general purpose sort of CLI based CID
wrangling so like to convert you'd see
IDs to basically to list out properties
do some formatting if you need to pull
out bits of see IDs and things like that
and so there's a pull request for go
ipfs adding this and it was relatively
easy to set up something in Jay s so I
added that as I like it's a it's like it
can be a standalone see if I told you
just install but it also because it's
just all yarks based it integrates
pretty easily with Jace IVFs so that's
that's kind of there's a pull request
for adding that suggests IVFs as well
it's just a simple CLI tool kind of to
smooth over the the transition of to
base 32 V one stuff I guess if I were to
summarize that so yeah I made a bit of
progressive CID base adding an option to
to to output CID base 32 or whatever
base you like I've got a call request
open I guess it would be cool to get
some feedback on it i've taken an
approach which is probably a bit
controversial because it basically
introduces breaking changes such as like
where a hash was returned as a string
would now be returned as a CID so I'm
not entirely sure that's the best way to
go and looking at the the the go
discussion for the same thing I think
they decided it wasn't the best way to
go as well so that's relatively easy to
back out and go go the way they they
wanted to go but the detail is in the
pull request so please take a look if
you're at all interested so yeah that
was me this week basically I blocked on
Jenkins most of the time this guy he's
yeah like I do it
Jenkins takes up a lot of my time in a
moment running builds and when it fails
because of something that isn't the J s
code tests failing legitimately because
there's something wrong that's just a
massive time sink for me and so like NPM
just in NPM installing at the start of
things and row workers running out of
space which happens almost every day
it's kind of annoying and then
compounded by like there's I think
there's a job that runs every evening to
clean up some some stuff on the the
workers but that causes like a branch
indexing thing which basically runs all
the outstanding pull requests so
anything you had passing before that was
waiting to be merged could possibly
become like not passing because because
it might fail the second time around so
that's that's kind of annoying for me
and but like in on the whole I think I
feel like the GSI PFS tests are are
feeling a lot more stable now there's a
couple of errors which I'm seeing kind
of frequently like database not opening
this one but like other than that it
seems to be NPM issues or workers out of
space issues so so that's good and this
week I wanted to work more on the CID
based stuff get that finished I need to
create interrupt tests who check that
the block store can get CI get data out
with see IDs that you give to it
from either version you know regardless
of what CID you put it in with and then
I wanted to get on with the
implementation for being at Jess IPO
first being able to do that that's all I
have to say your questions may be asked
now any questions cool thank you for the
bed my question so everything the
question I really have is given these
problems from chickens they're like like
stealing our time from the developments
do we feel that the developer experience
team is aware of these problems I'm on
top of it is that I can estimate that
day time for them to be fixed or should
we be trying to help to make to get
these problems solved I don't get the
feeling that it it's being looked at
with an incredible amount of urgency
just because I opened a lot of bunch of
issues I'm usually on IRC saying
something if I can if I notice something
up is up I will open an issue but I'm
not really sure of a way of because
looks like it's basically Victor right
and I am aware that he's super tight
with time so you know I don't want to
just be complaining at him the whole
time so yeah I don't know what the I
don't know if this is the situation
we're in now is a lot better than it was
before I wasn't really involved with the
project when it we weren't using Jenkins
that that he'll release so I don't know
if this is like way better or if this is
worse or or what but it's all I know is
that it's it is sucking up a whole bunch
of my time and that I'd rather be doing
development work or reviewing or merging
thank you yeah like in I believe like
the situation is going for multiple
months now
in so it's really like it's all about
like complaining it's just about like
creating away
for the team to know if issues are being
ll prioritized and if there is any hopes
of getting it done soon because if the
situation is completely out of hand
because like a couple people cannot
handle all the tasks then that is fine
you just like something that we have to
acknowledge and like it means like we
have to like increase the team or I find
some more capacity in some other way in
rather than trying to hope that my
capacity appears from somewhere and so
that what our issues in one week so
that's what I was trying to like get a
Samsung cool thank you any other
questions for Alan
Oh
you
it's better my audio so together so
oh you didn't hear anything you guys
next and we're gonna go they'll go for
are you without voice thank you guys can
you hear me so I have the experiment I
have finished for a more general review
I already added a couple of versions to
request either on the API Lord ipfs side
so this previous week I spent a lot of
time is making all the tests pass I'm
doing couple issues because some of
tests weren't really passing on the
current implementation because I think
when the test run they don't run
connected to those demons and not three
estimates and but this feature is only
for Jas at least for now
but yeah the two podcast are finished
hopefully you can get to to them as
quick as possible and they for you to
beat I don't know if you already you can
now add like big files big Nalin in two
ways either the normal way which is like
non chunk just one request means the
whole data you can go as as far as your
browser can handle it and one of the
main issues I have right now is defining
which is the max value for the demon to
handle like the max lights for one
requests for the body of that request
that's on the on the podcast you so you
keep feedback on that and also you can
add like Terrell the Korean live data in
the shanked way and you can define the
shanks
and just add away and it will hopefully
work out well and at the very point I'm
blocked in a couple things I have a
small small stuff related to dogs for
the at the FST cereal also thing is
regarding the stream HTTP library
GP had to like fixed a cup of stuff in
there to make the non shank a adds work
that what was what was making him chrome
crash when you like uploaded a hundred
megabytes but regarding service workers
there's still stuff that needs to be
fixed on this thing which to be and to
figure out how to do it because I was
thinking about just making a new one
based on direct package but then I found
out that the maintainer is working with
us to collapse and stuff so I'm gonna
probably like try to contribute back but
that will take more time so I need to
figure out what to do with that and next
week or this week I'll try to release
the CDL apart with JSF - Rosario with
embedded examples and also the OTR stuff
that's it
sweet okay so I believe I pretty much I
got the whole gist of it although I like
some cuts like something is weird with
audio at my headphones today because I
can always see you guys will be the
video is portrayed it's just since it
cuts so I'll follow up on this pull
request and Ike read the context or some
oricon I'm getting I prefer CPI and just
be best like to support adding very big
files my concern and I believe that
posted this in one of the issues is make
sure like if you have to change things
on HP API to make it supports like
adding large files in multiple chunks
make sure like to go ipfs HTTP I also
understand what that means
so there's like we continue we're having
the interrupt but other than that yeah I
can I'll I'll go through this pull
requests and get the whole context in
yes like John works with us so it could
image to be like if you need using sites
like just displaying em if you are
coding
yes question
the Interop test - and kind of what what
that was going to be but I found or I
was looking through the the ipfs
interrupt repository and a lot of that
is JavaScript which going to make sense
but I was curious if the original
windows ok or was kind of set up if we
want to continue down the route of using
javascript if one of the ideas coming
out of this or if there wasn't really a
set pathway down for this IP TV
interrupt test harness so it was create
an issue this is for me crazy do to kind
of get some feedback on this but as I'm
just kind of curious I have some stuff
set up okay
yes okay thank you sorry
we have three minutes left I'll try out
Google follow up through the pull
requests I'll take you with you to like
review I get the pull request at the
comments there and get the full context
and any other questions for Google sorry
for the Wi-Fi difficulties today Travis
you're next yeah so I was just talking
about plugins emerged
well it's just working they're missing
some documentation which I'm going to
work on work on and between couple
things but currently I wanted to get
some more information on the actual IP
BT interrupts test harness and what we
wanted that catch me look like what was
the expectations on that that I have
worked up some worked on a little bit
and go but I noticed everything in the
interrupt currently is all written in
JavaScript and us trace we wanted to
move more move towards a way of using
as a way to manage starting nodes tree
place in a way the IP fest Dam and
controller or if we wanted to move down
route of the having name or typed based
testing harness
I don't know menu
yeah I think we're probably gonna need
to table that offline I know there's
been a lot of discussions we had some
discussions at the Berlin meetup around
what we want to do for Interop and
obviously with Interop tests as they are
now like the go team is just not going
to use that because it's all in
JavaScript so the more we can do to
change that over so that IP TB is
running that whatever that means I think
that is the better way to go okay cool
that's that's the way I become to
working it's all continue working on
that and continue down that path and get
to the napa we can talk about awesome
that's that's me Oh
vmx Walker superfast yeah super PES I
worked on drafting in a will work on
crafting and then the bit longer I'm
painting with I ABS as the flick and
yeah we are on time I thank you everyone
for the update for pairing with lots of
still exciting except work on order
stuff getting shipped like right at the
end of the quarter let's get all that so
yeah I'll try to follow up twelve
requests masks with you and we do the
merges
if I don't do it today or tomorrow
definitely pick me on IRC for email so
that they make sure
to pay attention what do you need so
that you can do the networking how good
[Music]
suh-weet okay take you all I mean I have
a great week enjoy go team